update `{HTMLElement,SVGElement,MathMLElement}.style` live example (#31631)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlelement/style/index.md

const out = document.getElementById("out");
const elementStyle = element.style;

> // We loop through all styles

Author: the difference is that

![image](https://github.com/mdn/content/assets/95597335/3365f1c6-9e05-4e91-8264-e16bf96d1805)

> // We loop through all styles

Author: but the origin comment is confusing, because for…of is able to use to loop through all styles

for (const prop in elementStyle) {
  if (Object.hasOwn(elementStyle, prop)) {

>     if (Number.isNaN(Number.parseInt(prop))) {

Reviewer: Before or if we add this check, we need to explain in prose the reason to check for numeric indices. Also, how common is it to encounter scenarios where `element.style` includes numeric indices or non-CSS properties? We can choose to keep the code simple and focused. Do you know if we mention in docs anywhere that `CSSStyleDeclaration` accessed via `element.style` can include numeric indices or strings?

Author: for example, the element below:

![image](https://github.com/mdn/content/assets/95597335/bad047d5-a75f-4dca-8dd8-53d635f62cf7)

the `style` property of the element is:

![image](https://github.com/mdn/content/assets/95597335/068f1f9b-5e18-4a2b-92b7-ac9ad980b654)

      out.textContent += `${prop} = '${elementStyle.getPropertyValue(prop)}'\n`;
    } else {
      out.textContent += `${
        elementStyle[prop]
      } = '${elementStyle.getPropertyValue(elementStyle[prop])}'\n`;
    }
  }
}
```

> {{EmbedLiveSample("Getting_style_information", "100", "200")}}

Reviewer: The previous height of the result frame was okay. In fact, `200` adds a lot of empty space at the end in the output.

Author: OK

> {{EmbedLiveSample("Getting_style_information", "100", "200")}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{EmbedLiveSample("Getting_style_information", "100", "115")}}
```

const out = document.getElementById("out");
const elementStyle = element.style;

// We loop through all styles
for (const prop in elementStyle) {

>   // We check if the property is on the CSSStyleDeclaration instance
>   // and if the property is a number indice
>   // (the style directly defined via HTML style attribute)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // We check if the property belongs to the CSSStyleDeclaration instance
  // We also ensure that the property is a numeric index (indicating an inline style)
```
